 I'm doing it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm doing it just for 10 minutes very quickly because already since the morning I had a quite long conversation with the fund and the departments with with HAT and with Everathons. So well, the reason why a tax that you about the account closing is that well, I received let's say quite serious questions about well, about me and you specifically I was asked like what's going on and why the contractors being a hand you later. Well, I'll explain this. Okay. Do you hear me? Yeah. Okay. So the finance departments asked me why are we regulating our contracts, our agreements and everything. Why are we watching? Why are we annually in basically canceling canceling? Well, not canceling. We're not canceling. I told you I want to proceed. We're canceling. Just please very carefully. I'm explaining. We are canceling it because this type of operation, it wasn't planned in any possible way. We had totally different plan. We had totally different, and even between us, but between me and the finance department. So what they told me is that that's a very unprofessional step from my side. They charged me with a penalty basically quite well, quite large penalty I should say. They are going to find me for 195,000 euros just well taken out of my revenue because of this. And yeah, the contract is actually canceling. It's already canceled basically because well, because of this process. And well, as well as spoke about well, our possible future and well, as they told you yesterday, they told me like what kind of bonuses are you talking about? You will not see anything for the next two years at least. I mean, you as an investor, they will not give any food bonus. But then I can withdraw all any time. What do you mean? You said I can't withdraw. Yeah, yeah, you can withdraw any time, but we agree on the contract. Why is it to think it's a lot of the amount? Now it means that first we had to trade, then withdraw not vice versa. How about I, but I put I put a lot of money already. And now I need to withdraw. Maybe I can withdraw this a little bit. We made the new agreement. Just listen, please. We made the new agreement. The agreement was that I will deposit money, but no one told me I cannot withdraw whatever I need. I need to withdraw. In the agreement, in the agreement, there's written that I can withdraw whatever I need. Maybe it's too much for you. Maybe I could try to withdraw like 15,000 euro, maybe a little less. But don't play it. Don't cancel the contract. I want to do it. Even if it's just can you please, can you please listen? It's even if it's 500 euros, even if it's 500 euros, the contract will be canceled. Wow. It's not good. It's not good. It's not it's not what you told me. It told me I can withdraw whatever. I know. So it's good that I see. Yes, I told you can withdraw whatever you want, but it means that the contract will be canceled because we had an agreement. I know about the contract. I know the money I already put if I want to withdraw some of it. I can do it. And now you're making your own again. Receive the book. No, I'm telling you. I'm telling you that first you had to deposit, receive the bonus. This is this and that's great. Yeah, we agreed to that. All right, it's a positive. I already deposit a lot of money. Okay, if you want to give me trouble, you want to give me trouble with my money. That's what you want to do. I don't know. Please, just let me finish. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, thank you. So very careful. After you deposit the debt, you say lots of money. We made a new contract for your conditions for your bonus for your type of the. Yeah, it is fine. Because I'm not finished. But because we didn't apply it, you didn't make such step even though everything was prepared and the finance department already prepared as sports, already prepared a special sport for you. And another investor didn't receive such conditions because of well, because we made it for you. I'm telling you, saying to the finance department, like look, everything is being canceled just because of this and that. I thought you are with me. I thought you are my investor. You want to make me trouble. What can I do? This is finance department. Wow. It's really bad. It's really bad. And we will need to withdraw all the money. All the capital that you have will be transferred to you. Not 20, not 15, not 25,000, but everything that you have in the account going to be closed. Because now, for the brokerage, there is no commercial interest to work further. They literally tell me like your investor has to go and try to make a business with somebody else. That's what I, that's what I was worrying yesterday. That's what I was worried about. Yeah, that's the shame. That's the thing because because I really want to work with you. I like the profit and everything. So that's really. It's really. Maybe, maybe, I don't know. I literally don't know. Maybe I'm a co- maybe I'm not good professional. Maybe you still up to everything. You still not fully trust me. Doesn't matter. Maybe you can find another person. I trust you. No, no. I would accept it better. So when is the money? When I always see the money? Well, right now, as I said, I have to make a declaration for each and every trade, each and every deal. So, well, hard to say when it's going to be finished, then the finance department must approve it and basically make it make the account determination valid. So, the account will be closed and all the funds will be transferred to your crypto wallets which are placed previously. I need only 20,000 even 15,000 if it's make your bet. You will transfer everything. I mean, they will transfer everything. If that's that is the point. So, like I said, if there is your choice, then okay, if you cannot use the money that you already have on your bank account. Well, it's not my choice. I want to work with you. That's my choice. But now, now I have to say this transfer because it's not, it's not sound good what you're telling me. Because you told me all the time I can withdraw whatever I need. I'm telling you, we had to fulfill the contract first. It's for you to have the allied type of the accounts, have 100% bonus and the special conditions. Since we do vice versa and not fulfilling the contract and we are just not basically doing what I promised to the finance department, I'm receiving a huge penalty. We are canceling, I mean, they are canceling. And closing your account because now for the brokerage is no longer no more commercial interest to well, to have you as an investor. Unfortunately, well, so. Well, it's not what I was worrying yesterday. Not sound good. I'm waiting to see the money. And then we continue to talk. I... Well, not continue talking. Your account will be closed. So, that's what I'm saying. You will try to trade with some other company, some other brokerage. Maybe you can try somebody else like interactive or I don't know, whatsoever. Like I don't know. Okay. Maybe you will again make savings with your bank making like 20,000 check-os into yours. I don't know what you will choose. But you know, but you know, I have you on video picture and everything and all the terms you give me. So, don't make me problems. Okay. Try to transfer the money. I have your record on video. It doesn't matter. I'm not the one who transfers the money. I am the financial advisor. Okay. You should know it. You should know it. You should know that I have you on video. All our talk is recorded. And I am not giving you any trouble with my money. It's not about the trouble. It's about the... Because I will not... I will not leave you. I will get to you. I will get to you and I will put your video on the net and on Interpol and on FBI and on... You will not go in out of me. So, you should send the money. You should give me the money. I have you on video. I will get to you home. I will get to you home with... You should know that. I will know that if I won't get my money, you will get in trouble. Big troubles. I am telling you. I haven't gone for you. I want the money that I put. Transfer the money that I put. That's all. If not, I will go with your video. I will go with your video. All over the world. I am waiting for it. When do I get it? So, that's pretty much it. You will receive her and the account will go into the bank. And you see, literally, I told you... When do I get the money on Bitton P. When do I get the money on Bitton P. I have you on video. Don't make me trouble. I am telling you. I have you on video and I am going to the Interpol. The FBI will get into your house. We get into your house. So, don't make me trouble. My friend... I am waiting. When do I see that? When do I see that the bank's phone on Bitton P. Tell me when? Next week. Next week? Yes. Why not it? I feel bad. Why not it? It's a determination. Make it faster. Listen. Listen. Hey, some... I'm coming from you into the office. Listen. You're from the office. Listen to me. Okay? I have you on video. I'm waiting like two or three days. If you're not getting my money, I'm sending it to the FBI, to the Interpol, to Israel Police, to whatever, to Denmark Police. And we're going to get to you. I put something like 90... I put something like 25,000 euro. And you will give it back to me. I have you on video. I have your voice sample. They know how to get to your house with that. Okay? So, you are threatening me now? I am threatening you. Are you threatening me now? If you're not going to give me the money, this is what I'm going to do and I'm not alone. I'm not alone. That's a big... I have a big party with me. Okay? What is threatening me is why... Okay, have I told you that I'm not going to transfer the funds to you? Have I said that? Well, you're saying things that I don't like to hear. And you don't know... I'm going to pay for the money. I don't care what you don't like to hear. I'm saying to you, I'm saying to you... I'm going to wait for this money. I'm waiting for this money to see it on B2C. In a few days. No one in this world can threaten me. You don't... I mean, please, watch everything that you say with your mouth. If I don't, that's my plan. I will get to your house. I promise that. I'm saying I promise you that I'm the most powerful person you have ever met. Okay. The first and second, that I have totally no interest to... Well, to screw you up with your money. Okay? So, I'm on your side. I also... And the meantime, this video is only at me. I didn't give it to no one. I'm waiting to see the money. See, I'm not worrying. I'm not worrying about... You shouldn't be worried if you're honest. If you're honest and you were bringing me back with the money that I put, you shouldn't be worried. That's why I'm saying that the real procedure of accounts cost... Okay. And if it takes some specific time, it will take some specific time. Not if you tell me two or three days, it's not you who decide how much time will it take. It's the system and the finance departments and they regulate the rebody who decides. Okay, so tell me. So tell me. I don't have it. Okay. I think that it should be between Monday to Wednesday between those days. So it's in the Monday. I really... It's like the Mac. I really hope so. I really hope so. Because I don't have the power. I don't have the power to go to this world now. But I have your video and I have everything. And I will do everything I can to get to you. So don't mess with me. And I want to see the money. Okay, I'm waiting. Only what I invest. That's quite... Only what I invest. No, no, no, no. You will not receive only what you invest. You will receive everything. 45 and like all the rest what you have on your balance. Okay, that's not you will get. I will wait thing. I'm waiting until Monday. And then I will do whatever I need. Okay, so please... I will... This is not you. Not exactly Monday. Between Monday and Wednesday. So don't forget between Monday and Wednesday. Okay. I will keep you updated. Keep me updated. Okay. Sure. Okay, just give me what I invest. And I will bless you and... and say thank you, even. Okay? You thought it will be not 25, but it will be 45. So don't be surprised when you will get the whole amount. Okay, I want to see. I want to see. I need at least what I invest. That's what I need. And then if not, I will go and look for you really with all the power. Okay, don't make me problem. No, I don't need to... I mean, and it will be fine. I hope. I hope. You'll be fine. After everything. After... I don't know what your bank told me, but I mean, you don't trust me so much. It's just crazy. Like, it's... Because you're saying it will be tomorrow. Yesterday you said it will be tomorrow. And now you said it's going to be another week. Why? Yes, because this morning I spoke with the finance department. Who told me they're going to close your account. Now you're... I received a huge penalty. That's the shame. That's what... That's the... Okay. Because of that. Okay, understand. So you... You helped me now. I feel really bad right now. I feel extremely bad. Yeah, I feel a bit... More bad. I feel more bad. Because I feel like it is... I don't know. I feel like I'm hearing stories. I don't know. I don't know. Okay, bye bye. See you. Okay. So you make it... You make it faster for me. It's an emotional. You get it faster for me. I get it emotional. Okay, don't get emotional. I'm thanking you. I respect you. Just help me. Yeah, you respect me, but don't trust me. Doesn't matter. Okay. I don't... I know. I told you that I have been through. I told you... Yeah, I have a... It doesn't matter. I have a lot of work to do. I ask you to be honest... Yeah. ...and everything will be fine. Okay? I'm always honest. I'm honest. I'm honest with myself. Okay, my friend. So I would wait for this money... ...and believe me... ...you should send it to me. I'm waiting, okay? Then... It's not me who send it. But anyway... Yeah, there are the financial departments. Make them send it... ...because I invest it. And if they send it and everything will be good... ...we can talk and... ...if one... ...we need to go... Okay, so I'm waiting, okay? Yeah, bye-bye. Between Monday and Wednesday. Yes, I understand. I have to go. I have a lot of work to do now. Okay, I thank you and I'm waiting for it. Thank you very much. Thank you.