 Yeah, but I just can you describe me like if I can make a video call with some of your some of your advisor because this is something very important to me because I want to see that everything is legitimate and can see the person itself is it possible? Can you describe me again why? Because I don't hear so good maybe can you speak louder? Yeah. Because all the properties of the initial variables with that is like 2, 2, 2, and equals 2, 2. Like all of our codes should be different. Then I think it's going to be 2 variables. Any kind of water, sky, yellow, brown, green, yellow, and black, black, green. But why is that? Because if I want to see a phrase, why can you show me who is the person? Where are you talking from? What is the identity? Because I see the company outside. Everything looks okay. I'm not making this a call for that. And it's all the work that's wired. So it's actually a task for this group. If I can go to the website, I want to see regulated documents. Something that is regulated by the FCA. I can see it. I see also all the documents which not look real. When I go to the document I see company named Elbrich Capigol, which is not making it. It's not dealing with investments. It's dealing with family. Something like this. It's not related to trading. And after that, how can I be sure that your organization is legal organization? And that they can trust your company and the people? So the translation, this translation is not only from several people. It can help you with energy. For example, the payment of companies. Something like a sign is a connection. This way it can be different. I don't have a job point. If you have a financial confidence right here, do you have a contest? No, I want to invest. But I just want to make sure that everything is regulated. Everything is the right regulation. Before you told me that you were located in Boston, then you told me you were in London, and then you told me that you can't come back. Okay, we've already told you about that. Boston is a legal organization. Boston is a USA. So you know it. You can Google it. Oh, it's a method of Google. Okay. Where is the company website? I don't see the website itself. I don't see the domain name, which is legal, but it's a strict issue. The main issue is the language. The language is the website. The actual website. Okay, but if I don't see anything related to the trade, which is the name of the company. So I don't know how can I be sure that this is a regulated company. It's a company company. Do we have companies? Yeah. This company is legal, but it's a company matter. The main thing is that we have a company. The main thing is the company. The company is legal. The company is legal. The company is legal. It's legal trade in Elbridge. But Elbridge is when I go to Elbridge, I don't see a simulated investment. I see this company located in Singapore, which making a consultation to families and things like this. It's not related to trading. I don't see the dealing with trading. When I contact them, they didn't answer. This is a problem because I guess it's a lot of money. This is one of the questions. As I told you, it has a political trade. For example, the military, the fight for Elbridge trade. I have a question. I have a question. I have a question. If you want to make a discussion, please come forward and talk about this. I think you should make an answer. What you say about the strategies you use, is it possible to make such a big amount of Bitcoin? I think 100,000 for a Euro per day, it looks to be insane. Maybe you showed me that it's not correct. I don't know how one can make such a big profit. After a while, it just looks like everything. Because making 2000 Euro in Bitcoin per day is insane. I have a question. If I have a question, if I have a question, if I have a question, if I have a question, then I should make a question. If I have a question, then I should work with it. I'm sure you would approach it. I think you should make it trading. Trading structures can be different with my structure. So every connection is like a password, but it's open. Trading structures can be different with your structure. So some of the three different things can be called as a problem. So that's it. So the profit should come. But the flow would change. That's higher in profit. That's why. The first thing that I should like to tell you is that it's a traditional product. You can't sell it with a link. It's a traditional product. The link of the product is a little bit strong. I think it's also a little bit strong. It's a traditional product. It's a traditional product. It's a traditional product. What I was trying to do is open it to the top of the book. It's trading. Not here, so good. I've been trying to do all these things. It's not the book, it's trading and then it's trading. So for example, I'm trying to do something. I'm trying to try it. I'm trying to do it later. Because maybe it's a process. It's a bit of a process. So. It's a bit of a process. Okay, but is it possible that you to make such a big volumes like. It's easy. When I make some big profits, it was big profits. And after that, the market changed so drastically. I understand that sometimes some point in time where market is going up and down. But I still have some kind of. Faces like it goes with. I don't say it's something. It goes up. It's something else. It goes down. But you need to be sure that the. The advisors like you. You said to me, you're not regulated by the FDA. So how can I know like the. The advisors have the proper knowledge to deal with such a mind. A month of money because it's a lot of money. And the knowledge of doing something really. I don't know. I don't know if it's like. Like. What's in my. How. Not have a tree. First. This. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. Yes, but the. But everything should be, you know, should be done according to the law and see like this because you can. You can't. You can't provide a financial services if you don't have the right license and even. I. The company. You have the proper right to get to the market. Come with. I. Because I'm a national. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. The. Fragile. You. Did you get money, which didn't go well, so you like collecting that. Yeah. You. Yeah. Yeah. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Yes. advice of the advisor. I need to think about this thing because you say you don't accept to make video call with me so this is kind of problem with me because I need to if I want to make big investment I need to see the person that I'm talking and giving my money to him. I need to... I need to... You are not giving money to anybody who wants you on my channel because you are a kind of national advisor so it's very important. But therefore if you are healthy, you can do something. So, wish you a good thing. Wish you a good luck. Thank you for your questions. Thanks, thank you. Have a good day. Thank you.