 Hello? What's up all over? Hi. Matt. Come on, hi. Zhen Wei, you're here the next day from Jordan. Yeah? Could I ask you someone teams? Yes. He can play with you frequently. You take time offshore. I just... can I play against you? Do you want to see him? He's like... I like you. No, I'm not sure. you so good can you please stop louder because I don't hear you so good yeah I just wanted to know like you didn't tell me like your full name like when you start checking what is your full name and then Is the relation right now? yeah because you know we spoke and you didn't tell me your full name and then you just wanted to know okay so it's no problem my name is Mark certainly what's your name? ah okay okay and what company are you belonging to like what's the name of the company? um yeah but what what yes I understand but what is the name of the company like it because there's a few companies in their website and they just want to know what's the name of the company is the outreach mechanism yeah oh yeah you have the documents like inside your uh my application is the road check down uh-huh okay and and okay understand and uh how is this company Elbridge capital like uh is it an investment company because I saw this company and it doesn't relate to any investment so how does it relate to investment because it's something like helping families in team like this you know I don't know really the worry check because even fun like it says five things but I just which looks like the same yeah so it's the met the company here and so and first big company uh let me help uh the amount of like in three letters so we make a time when company can get the license time for on international part so part of the company has other time so if I want to continue the case you have a company they are licensed documents in your credit account you can check it yeah but I didn't know if you can check it let's say correct there are not yeah so that's uh maybe uh you have a mid-communication let's say you yourself because you find one website one information and another one information so uh that's why you love uh kind of question uh yeah okay okay and there and and and where is the company located like where are you located uh look uh located like uh remind you I'm located in London yeah okay uh yeah company you have to see uh uh one of the most yeah it's not only one oh yeah so uh let's say you this kind of information uh you cannot check with taking time in your profile yeah and uh in the document yeah and uh take back the document so uh other offices uh yeah this uh I know there is one of them so I keep it for uh the same uh they are yeah and uh they are uh other offices so they are putting in uh this two yes four i this four and then more so I know four this is just yes for my double essay of uh another work yeah I love that every day so uh I can work and do it with support or it may also get so if you let's say correct it from me in five to ten a day I or visit my custom plan schedule stay done uh the two offices which I know which I know which two were I'm working towards yes okay and and what what we can you tell me like the address in in London yeah of course I can write you the address yeah uh uh it's not problem can you tell me the address like yeah yeah yeah yeah if you can yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay so the first of it because we have two uh this one uh it's right it's a photo yeah uh it's right it's uh the first one is uh for straight pickup bottom uh the three yeah yeah yeah yeah okay yeah so the first one is uh what's the plan to do uh this one for station okay yes and the second one and the second one is uh sharp can you give me the full address the full uh uh street address yeah yeah yeah yeah I can write you I can write you right now uh so which is helpful to my contact and telegram is the same so I can write you now because uh now all uh we already discussed seven minutes and uh I uh need to leave yeah so I would write it to my standard picket uh we we can avoid it is understanding yeah um it's the easier for you I would write you uh oh you don't write you I would give them the same setup yeah so and then um if you tell any other question so write them yeah because uh or prefer or prefer me uh let's say on all the time conversation yeah yeah yeah no problem yeah yeah I just I want to do I select uh are you you you you me uh you living in a pretend like your whole life or you just immigrate to there no no the same agreement uh I was losing here um fighting now okay okay where did you immigrate from um I just tried saying I ruined my teeth and I who only jack di influenced yeah the who but uh then by the research of the conventional systems, which you'll be for me, like the Ruffian system, or the control of the Ruffian system, because the control of the Ruffian system can be kept here, it's not present. Okay, so you're leaving like that. Yeah, I just wanted to thank you about the great work you did with me. Just now I understand how much you helped me. And before I started trading, I didn't know anything about it. Yeah, and maybe you can send me a friend in West in Facebook maybe? About a little boy, you don't feel like I'm like a vampire. You spend 10 years, so you're back in that, and you're not just an important person for me, to let's say your, or I want information just to take you to the ground, Facebook, and add your links to your friends in Instagram and Facebook or Manchester. Maybe you can. Yeah. I love to facilitate your people supporting back-to-back systems. They didn't use the digital app, because some regulation was sufficient. The regulation was as it looked to you, as it looked to me, as you felt like my life, to my friends, to those who, yeah, my birth and all friends who, anywhere, yeah. So, it's a factor of people who don't take the time to travel or in the hologram. Yeah. Yeah, I just wanted, I would just really, you know, because we talk like, I don't know, like six months, and just wanted to know, like how old are you, what do you look like, you know, I don't know, how old are you? Yeah. So, I don't know how you do, so it's the same, because my work is totally, unlike the conditions, the changes, the realizations, you have, every hour, that you want, changes, you have, and the kind of nine hours, so what they have gone to, let's explain to you, I wish I had a look, how old are you, right, look, yeah, like, I spent all my time, to check out, to make a work, to prefer something, let's say, a certificate, and do, yeah. So, I'm taking the help, to move my time, but I need you, yeah. And right now, you know, I'm taking the help, and the different, with me and other providers, who make some of, let's say, we will, let's say, a place of, this is work, let's say, your experience, which provider, might have the work, let's say, if you want to, can tell you, the information, and right now, I'm going to do, I have to, I have to, I need more, so, okay, when can you, when can we, can you call me again, like, in one hour, okay? I'm not today, not today, I'm going to do a better, okay, today, around 8 p.m. 8 p.m. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So, I'm not sure, so, right in telegram, if you, as of, at 8 p.m. Again, it's 5 p.m. and it's 4 p.m. Okay. Can we make a, is it possible to make a, zoom-cool, video call? Um, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, Skype, yes, Skype, or something, video, video, yes. Um, yeah. We can, like, again, link in a ban here, and have some regulation groups, which, obviously, to, to the video, we get, let's take from site, or it's up for me, to tell us a, some specific information, some ground, which, let's say, provided for link box, or I'd like to be, yes, so, we, did it for, anywhere, yes, so, it's down to this information, you remember, through this information, so, if you, drive the food, with video calls, let's say, in, Instagram, or, zoom, like you said, your ban here, so, you can, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, yeah, yeah, I just, I just want to, you know, I just want to thank you, personally, because, I understand like how much work it did for me, and, beneficial for me that just wanted to say thank you face to face if you can to make a video call me me I would be very grateful for this I want to be okay so I'm glad to do to serve it yeah so what's right now again I just have an introduction to go right now so like it's eight we can see you yeah yeah yeah for video call yes yes yes yeah great great okay thank you so for for me later yeah for me it's a thank you bye bye